Update the function and function value BBEs (#2970)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/functions/functions.md

# Functions

> A function accepts zero or more arguments and returns a single value. Function parameters are declared as in C language. You are not allowed to assign to parameters in Ballerina.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function accepts zero or more arguments and returns a single value. Function parameters are declared similar to the C language. You are not allowed to assign values to parameters in Ballerina.
```
